✖️ Add percentage margin for useTransaction and useContractFunction (#746)
TrueFiEng/useDApp: packages/docs/docs/02-Guides/03-Transactions/01-Ether Transactions.mdx

See [Transaction Status](./03-Transaction%20Status.mdx) for reference on how to monitor the `state` of a transaction.

> You can set the maximum transaction gas limit by setting `percentageGasLimit` in config, see live example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add additional buffer of gas limit by setting `bufferGasLimitPercentage ` in config, see live example below.
It adds 10% of gas limit more to what is estimated by the Ethers library.
```
